update doc, add information on Calimero console and tutorial (#25)
calimero-is-near/docs: docs/getting_started/generate_token.md

:::

With your auth token in hand, you are ready to call smart contracts or deploy dapps on Calimero Private Shard!

## Setting up the NEAR CLI to access the Shard via CLI

To deploy a contract on a Calimero shard using `near-cli`, you need to set the token value that gives permission to deploy contracts and make function calls using **near set-api-key** command. But, as of now, the "--nodeUrl" option is ignored, so you have to set the default node to <https://rpc.testnet.near.org>. To set up your near CLI run the following commands, in your terminal:

1. Set API key

```
 near set-api-key https://rpc.testnet.near.org <AUTH_TOKEN>   
```
- **<AUTH_TOKEN>**: is your copied token ID.

2. Create a new keypair for the shard main account (if your shard name is 'demos-calimero-testnet', your custodian main account is 'demos.calimero.testnet').

```
 near generate-key <MAIN_ACCOUNT_ID> --networkId <SHARD_ID>   
```

- **<MAIN_ACCOUNT_ID>**: is your custodian account ID.  For more information, see [Access account ID](/docs/getting_started/access_account.md)

> - **<SHARD_ID>**: is your shard name. For more information, see [set up your shard](/docs/getting_started/running_a_shard.md)

Author: Thanks for making this clear

3. The keypair created isand stored it in  `~/.near-credentials/` folder. Navigate to the `~/.near-credentials/` folder to access your keypair.

```
cd ~/.near-credentials
```

Then navigate to your stored keypair file which is usually in a `.json` format.

4. Open your `.json` file and copy the Public key.
5. Open Calimero [Console](https://app.calimero.network/dashboard)
6. Click on **Security**
7. Click on **Custodian**

> 8. Search for your custodian account ID in the list and click on the  `⋮` three dots menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Search for your master shard account in the list and click on the  `⋮` three dots menu.
```

9. Click on Add public key

![](../../static/img/public_key.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paste the public key, wait for the operation to finish and that's it! The key has been added to the master shard account.
```
